[Music]
it was a time of music poetry and
romance when artists were idolized as
gods and Madame
Jorge son was scandalizing Paris with
her illicit love affairs is quite
brazenly inviting herself to the
fortnight you know the watch wears men's
clothes and needs the most depraved life
imaginable danger eaten does anyone ever
met the statutes George you wanted to go
to him like it all respectable people
are on the other side devouring men with
her desires destroying them with her
passion gloves in a time of tantalizing
talent don't you realize these are the
great geniuses of our time all gathered
together in our land impromptu Affairs
then she heard the music of Frederic
Chopin and her world would never be the
same but no secret is safe from betrayal
of jealous lovers no price too great to
pay for desire I'm not full of virtues
and noble qualities I love that is all
but I love strongly exclusively
steadfastly it's am an affair with Judy
Davis as George Sun Hugh Grant as
Frederic Chopin Mandy Patinkin as Alfred
Debussy Bernadette Peters as Marie de
gue and Julian Sands as Franz Liszt
[Music]
they're a gang of terrorism idea
I want no further part of this
production doors impart to a romantic
affair
[Music]